# **Tik Cover privacy protocol**

The app respects and protects the privacy of all users of the service. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, this application will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy. However, this application will treat this information with a high degree of diligence and prudence. Except as otherwise provided in this privacy policy, the app will not disclose or provide such information to third parties without your prior permission. This privacy policy will be updated from time to time. When you agree to the use agreement of this application service, it is deemed that you have agreed to all contents of this privacy policy. This privacy policy is an integral part of this application service use agreement. Use of cookies if you do not refuse to accept cookies, the app will set or access cookies on your computer so that you can log in or use the services or functions of the app platform that depend on cookies. Using cookies in this app can provide you with more thoughtful personalized services, including promotion services. You have the right to accept or reject cookies. You can refuse to accept cookies by modifying your browser settings. However, if you choose to refuse to accept cookies, you may not be able to log in or use the network services or functions of the app that depend on cookies. This policy will apply to information obtained through cookies created by this app. Information security this application account has security protection function, please keep your user name and password information properly. This application will ensure that your information will not be lost, abused and altered by encrypting the user password and other security measures. Despite the above security measures, please also note that there is no "perfect security measures" on the information network. When using this application network service for online transactions, you will inevitably make changes to this privacy policy to the other party or potential transaction If we decide to change the privacy policy, we will publish these changes in this policy, in this app website and in places we think appropriate, so that you can understand how we collect and use your personal information, who can access it, and under what circumstances we will disclose it. This app reserves the right to modify this policy at any time, so please check it frequently. If there is any significant change to this policy, the app will inform you through website notice

The app respects and protects the privacy of all users of the service. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, this application will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy. However, this application will treat this information with a high degree of diligence and prudence. Except as otherwise provided in this privacy policy, the app will not disclose or provide such information to third parties without your prior permission. This privacy policy will be updated from time to time. When you agree to the use agreement of this application service, it is deemed that you have agreed to all contents of this privacy policy. This privacy policy is an integral part of this application service use agreement.
